and
on the night New London unveiled their
2011 state championship banner whalers
faced a tough test from ECC rival
Norwich Free Academy after falling into
an 800 hole early in the first the
weather scored 15 straight points with
Chris Duns down to making it 23 to 12
done scored all of the Wailers 15 points
in the second quarter taking the pass
from Vogons lube to make it 30 to 80
and then taking on four NFA defenders
from the three-point play to make it
the Wildcats pulled the within 6 at
halftime Marcus out low and KJ Robinson
took the ball away he done and out low
finished the fast break can make a 4935
and if they trailed by nine going into
the fourth quarter but after a pair of
baskets by out low Chad Vinson gets the
basket and the foul he would be free
throw to cut the margin to 2 and it does
it again to make it 63-62 5:38 remains
done came up big for the Wailers
stealing out loads inbound pass making
the layin and the free throw make the
score 70 64 with 359 to go in the fourth
thumb had a game-high 46 points but got
some help from his teammates down the
stretch he said he showed up he was like
come on you guys are playing like scared
you know I'm saying and he looked me
right in my eye so I knew it was coming
from me from alone
this kid is telling me to step off Doug
had needed for me to keep the weather to
head 73-67 with three minutes to go
and then hustle back on defense to force
a turnover after missing a significant
part of the second half of foul trouble
Malcolm Simmons took a feed from to
leave kids with the World Cup at 7:00
then done delivered a final blow I'm
system really prides appreciate part of
the effort and the ability for our guys
not to quit a few breaks a few things go
our way and we steal it so uh I'm
thrilled I thought my players took NFA
lightly you know and I can I talk to the
kids you know about that you can never
disrespect any opponents you know you
have to play hard or total math I
hopefully move in this game and this
will be a lesson for you guys don't take
anybody lightly guys I told him we have
a huge target on our back we are going
to get maximum effort from everyone
you